Since the sudden exit of the controversial CEO Martin Kjær last week, both he and the executive board in Region North Jutland have been in hiding.

Neither party has responded to inquiries from the press.

But now the project director for the scandal-plagued construction of the super hospital in Aalborg opens up a bit in a post on the LinkedIn social media.

Martin Kjær does not say directly why he has resigned from his position, but he writes that he has not regretted taking the job just a year and a half ago.

According to Martin Kjær, it has been "surreal" to see himself in the media, after the Norwegian Working Environment Authority took action against the department he headed in July.

- In that process, I have learned that the public and private business worlds are two very different worlds. This also applies to the media attention, which is massive for public buildings, he writes on LinkedIn.

Region North Jutland received an injunction for the psychological working environment, where employees criticized Martin Kjær for, among other things, overcommitment, and the director himself acknowledged that several of his employees break down crying on the job.

Subsequently, he came under intense pressure internally after several highly sensational statements in North Jutland.

Martin Kjær said, among other things, that the working environment could get even worse as more construction scandals came to light, and he started a public fight with the HR director in Region North Jutland, whom he accused of cutting him off from responding to the Norwegian Working Environment Authority.

Accusations that HR director Mariane Therkelsen has rejected.

But Martin Kjær believes he is a victim. And he lashes out in harsh terms at the media, which "make money from clicks and go to great lengths to obtain them".

- I have learned that the price for sitting in a director's chair in the public sector can be very high, he writes.

Rejects NAU mayhem
In front of his employees, the former chief executive has made no secret of the fact that he has been under extreme pressure.

A few days after Martin Kjær had conducted a major interview with Nordjyske in early September, he wrote in an email to his employees that he was "deeply personally affected" and that it was the "most disgusting thing I have ever experienced".

- I don't remember several parts of the interview at all, he writes in the email, which Nordjyske has seen.

In the post on LinkedIn, he ends by denying that he is leaving a "construction site in chaos".

- NAU (New Aalborg University Hospital, ed.) is in a good place today, and even though there are massive challenges, today there is a highly competent team of own/external resources.

That statement is in sharp contrast to Martin Kjær's statements in Nordjyske earlier this month.

Here he said that he was considering moving employees away because "there are some employees who do not fit into a turnaround of what is now the biggest construction scandal in Danish history".

Nordjyske has tried to get Martin Kjær to speak, but he has not responded to our inquiries. It is still unknown whether Martin Kjær has already had his last day of work, or whether he will have to work during the notice period.

Nordjyske learns that on Thursday last week he told the employees at an urgently called meeting that he had resigned from his position. He did not speak for much more than one minute, according to sources who were present.

According to Nordjyske's information, the termination comes after several meetings with acting CEO Kim Mikkelsen.

Kim Mikkelsen has refused to answer questions - both verbally and in writing.
There hasn't been much positive news from the super hospital for a long time, but here is one:

Money has been found to build a patient and maternity hotel at New Aalborg University Hospital. A total of DKK 120 million has been set aside over the next four years.

- I am very happy that we have succeeded in finding a solution so that seriously ill patients admitted to the patient hotel and new parents do not have to transport themselves across the city when they need peace, closeness and professional help close at hand, says regional council chairman Mads Duedahl (V) in a press release.


980 inhabitants of Bredebro near Tønder can soon look forward to receiving a letter from the municipality.